Docs maintenance (#625)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/nifi/pages/usage_guide/operations/cluster-operations.adoc

= Cluster operation

> Apache NiFi installations can be configured with different cluster operations like pausing reconciliation or stopping the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache NiFi installations can be configured with different cluster operations such as pausing reconciliation or stopping the cluster.
```
